A communication service provider(CSP) delivers a network connection that enables a variety of communication services - primarily voice,video, message and data.

The core switching, routing and signalling infrastructures that supports fixed wire line, broadband, mobile, and cable networks are central to life as a CSP.

These network functions, in turn have been traditionally supported by complex suite of monetization and management support software which stratecast refers to as 
operations, orchestration, data analytic and monetization. 

CSPs are now finding themselves at a crossroads - pushed by new market realities and demands, pulled by competitive market dynamics-  to
transform to something different.

But transform to what? A digital service provider is currently the most common response.

CSP already offering digital services. Stratecast believes that the DSP transformation is more about how a CSP will do a business. While a DSP will continue to
offer communication connectivity services, it will also expand its portfolio services - adding value to the connection -in part, by building an extensive partner
ecosystem,and by taking steps such as adopting open networking technologies and practices.

E.g: Digital Transformation in telcom.

SDN combined with NFV, promises to bring unprecedented level of digital control to global IT networks.

SDN shuns proprietary hardware for an open, programmable global network infrastructure that can be centrally managed. And NFV enables features - such as 
firewall/proxy and acceleration to be virtualized and delivered either from the network or from customer premise equipment (CSP), enabling the zero touch 
provisioning when additional functionality is required.

These technologies make it possible for enterprises to access network capacity on demand via a self service portal.In addition, routing and security policies can
automatically adapt to address the real time congestion,security threats or network outages.

Business Benefits enterprises can enjoy with SDN and NFV.
1. Increase business agility.(Months to Minutes)
2. Improve the network visibility, performance and management control(dashboard)
3. Enhance security (apply global security on centrally managed controllers)
4. Eliminate the vendor lock-in (Open platforms are key in eliminating vendor lock-in and driving growth in SDN. Open daylight platform)
5. Reduce costs (SDN pools multiple compute, storage and processing functions onto low cost commodity servers to reduce capital expenditure. 
				At the same time, virtualization enables a lot of manual network configuration and management tasks to be automated, reducing operating costs.)

				
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/what-is-a-digital-service-provider-hint-there-is-more-than-a-single-answer-300265485.html
https://www.orange-business.com/en/magazine/five-business-benefits-of-sdn-and-nfv


